Battery: level changed triggers (Lab feature) (#45480)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_triggers/battery.level_changed.markdown

    - `type: between` (exclusive): fires when the reading is strictly between `value_min` and `value_max`. Readings equal to either bound do not fire the trigger.
    - `type: outside` (inclusive): fires when the reading is at or below `value_min`, or at or above `value_max`. Readings equal to either bound fire the trigger.

    For `type: between` and `type: outside`, provide `value_min` and `value_max`, each with a `number` key (for a literal percentage) or an `entity` key (for an `input_number`, `number`, or `sensor` entity).
  required: true
  type: map
{% endoptions_yaml %}

{% include triggers/targets.md %}

## Good to know

- The threshold type controls both the direction and the landing zone of the change. Use **Above** or **Below** to filter by direction, **In range** to fire only when the new value is inside a range, and **Outside range** to fire only when it escapes a range.
- Use **Any change** to fire on every reading update regardless of direction or where the new value lands.
- To react only when a battery level first crosses a specific value, use [Battery level crossed threshold](/triggers/battery.level_crossed/) instead.

> - Pair this trigger with [Battery level](/conditions/battery.is_level/) in follow-up conditions to verify the reading meets a threshold before continuing the automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pair this trigger with the [Battery level](/conditions/battery.is_level/) condition to verify the reading meets a threshold before continuing the automation.
```
